OK.
Welcome back.
So now we're going to go ahead and begin modifying our app component dot TS file.
So the very first thing that we're going to do the very first thing that you're going to notice that
it's different is this part here.
So we've imported account from account dot model and we have created it in our previous tutorial.
Yep there we go.
So export class count and as you can see we have actually fully constructed this class.
It has some variables that know it has ID title description balance and then it has a constructor down
low.
If some of you come from some other programming languages you might have noticed that there isn't an
actual name of the constructor here.
Usually it would be like this code.
So the name of the class and the name of the constructor are the same.
However this is not the case in angular.
This is not the case with typescript anyway.
So we will call the constructor with the name of the class anyway but we won't type in the name of the
class here where the constructor is.
And quite frankly for one constructor I think.
Well I mean for the constructor there really isn't any point to have a name.
In all honesty as the name of the class is always the same as the name of the constructor anyway so
it doesn't really matter if you don't place a name here just call the name of the class just call it
through the name of the class.
What I mean I will show later on when we actually get to that part but for the time being I just wanted
to elaborate on that import.
So this part here remains the same.
We still need the template and then we go down into the app component class and we have a look around.
So the very first thing is the private variables.
And there is a naming convention for private variables you place an underline in front of in front of
the name.
In order for you.
In order for.
I mean it doesn't make any difference to the machine.
You can no doubt but it does make a difference to a human being when somebody else reads your code.
So if this for this particular variable is used anywhere else down the line in the code if it has an
underline in front of it whatsoever reads the code will know that there is a private variable based
on this naming convention which is an underline in front of the name of the property.
Sorry.
They're called propertys apparently not variables.
It's very funny how like different programming languages have different names for exactly the same things.
For some strange reason but oh well they're actually called properties here.
So private property accounts is of type array and it says an array as you can see down below.
And all of the array all of all of the array members will be of type account.
So we have created a accounting class account.
This is similar to the interface which we have done in the previous tutorials.
So it has ID and ID is one so we're just initializing hath here.
No big deal.
Is going to be one title is going to be bank X Y.
So then scription is getting some in some the full description that we are placing here will be this
is my main bank account and then down below baluns will be five hundred and one point two.
For some strange reason it doesnt we didn't place a whole number here.
We didn't place an industry.
It had to be a floating point.
But in any case they have to match these things so it says Id title description balance.
And here it says Id title description balance because we have specified that that the elements will
be of type account anyway and we move on down below immediately.
So this is a classic array.
There isn't really much to say about it if you don't know what arrays are there basically.
Well here's a simpler representation of an array.
Let me just write some pseudo code out without any actual application without actually being able to
apply it lipping just go ahead and write it and show you.
So this is a much simpler representation of an array if I type it in.
So some sort of an integer array and I say that this integer array shall be called number I can say
that this shall be equal to and then it's going to be 1 2 3 4.
This is not typescript syntax this is just something that I'm typing in to actually demonstrate what
an array is.
So if you have an array number the array number has elements 1 2 3 and 4.
Each one of these elements has its own index.
So the very first element of the array has an index of 0.
The second element of the array has the index of 1 because the indexing usually starts from 0 although
this is not a general rule for all programming languages so far number.
OK so something like this would be.
If so this is the element 0 element 0 is 1 5 typed in no element to this would be zero.
This would be Arment one and this would be element with the index of two and so on and so forth.
So this is how an array looks like in general and now in particular in typescript but arrays can be
made up of a lot of things.
And here we are making a private variable called accounts of type array whose elements will be of of
type account.
We have made it we have made a account here and we have defined what it can contain.
And now we're going to be utilizing that pattern here as well down below.
It's a simple we're what we're doing here is pretty much the same thing that we're doing here except
using different values.
So this is one way to initialize all of these parameters but there is also another way to initialize
them.
You can use a constructor here that says public constructor and it takes arguments just the same as
a method does and you pass these arguments and then it does something with these arguments usually performs
an initialization procedure so it initializes them.
And that is exactly what we're doing here.
We are calling the constructor so a new account you call the constructor in this fashion you type in
the keyword new.
And then you type in the account then you type in the model name basically basically the class name
sorry you have the class name account and then you state new account which is the class name.
And then you pass one argument after another.
As you can see it says ID number OK we have a number.
Here are the notes.
And then you have a title and then you have a description and then you have a balance.
So for some strange reason this one is going to have a bigger balance than this one but it doesn't matter.
These are just two ways of doing pretty much the same thing.
And that has to perform initialization.
If you have any if you don't know what this is or these things here or this entire class go back to
the previous tutorial I have explained to their Anyway
down below.
We're going to go ahead and define our private variable next ID and next ID is going to be equal to
3.
Why is this so I will explain in the follow tutorial.
But for now I just want you to basically take it for what it is and write it there.
Now we will need next ID as the next identifier.
So to say why is it 3.
That's going to come up soon enough.
But Double-O this is far more important for you.
So private create account.
So here we're going to go ahead and create accounts this this method shall be used in order for us to
create new accounts here will be just sorted out a little bit ago.
So now you can see now you can see that there is a private method and you have some parameters that
are to be passed to it here here and here and then down below there is a certain logic.
Now we will be calling this method from a template and each call of this method will create a new account.
Also we would like this method to clean up the input fields upon successful entry and that is the primary
reason we are sending H.T. M-L elements to this method.
Now I'm running a little bit short on time so I'm going to go ahead and continue in the follow up to
Troil where we'll get to the bottom of this of this file.